home_assistant/DOCS.md, before:

# Docker Wyze Bridge

## Required Configs

Credentials for the wyze account you are trying to use.

- `WYZE_EMAIL`
- `WYZE_PASSWORD`

### Two-Step Verification

If you have Two-Step Verification enabled on the account, you can add your verification code to the text file: /config/wyze-bridge/mfa_token.txt

## Optional Configs

- `NET_MODE` - Allowed connection mode between the camera and the bridge:
  - `LAN` - Restrict connections to local access only. Will NOT use additional bandwidth.
  - `P2P` - Allow streaming from the camera over the internet if camera cannot be found locally. MAY use additional bandwidth.
  - `ANY` - Allow the stream to be relayed over the wyze server. MAY use additional bandwidth if in P2P or relay mode.
- `SNAPSHOT` - Enable snapshots for all cameras.
  - `API` - Will run ONCE at startup and will grab a high-quality thumbnail from the wyze api.
  - `RTSPX` - Will grab a new frame from the RTSP stream every X seconds.

## Camera Specific Options

Camera specific options can now be passed to the bridge using `CAM_OPTIONS`. To do so you, will need to specify the `CAM_NAME` and the option(s) that you want to pass to the camera.

`CAM_OPTIONS`:

```YAML
- CAM_NAME: Front
  AUDIO: true
  ROTATE: true
- CAM_NAME: Back door
  QUALITY: SD50
```

Available options:

- `AUDIO` - enable audio for this camera.
- `FFMPEG` - use a custom ffmpeg command for this camera.
- `LIVESTREAM` - specify a rtmp url to livestream to for this camera.
- `NET_MODE` - change the allowed net mode for this camera only.
- `QUALITY` - Adjust the quality for this camera only.
- `RECORD` - enable recording for this camera.
- `ROTATE` - rotate this camera 90 degrees clockwise.

## URIs

`camera-nickname` is the name of the camera set in the Wyze app and are converted to lower case with hyphens in place of spaces.

e.g. 'Front Door' would be `/front-door`

- RTMP:

```
rtmp://homeassistant.local:1935/camera-nickname
```

- RTSP:

```
rtsp://homeassistant.local:8554/camera-nickname
```

- HLS:

```
http://homeassistant.local:8888/camera-nickname/stream.m3u8
```

- HLS can also be viewed in the browser using:

```
http://homeassistant.local:8888/camera-nickname
```

Please visit [github.com/mrlt8/docker-wyze-bridge](https://github.com/mrlt8/docker-wyze-bridge) for additional information.

Commit message:

v2.9.0 (#1184)
* Sign motion event request #1125

* use device id instead of mac #1125

* remove wrong flags from mkfifo #1174

* less aggressive flush #1159 #1167

* Use K10052 for setting FPS #1161

* Refactor bits for going above 255 for quality

* Revert ffmpeg changes #1159 #1167

* version is obsolete

* default quality to hd180

* Update Wyze iOS App version from v2.44.5.3 to v2.50.6.1 (#1176)

* use struct pack

* Token based auth over the webUI

* Fix redirect for Home Assistant Ingress

* Use request headers to fix redirect for HA

* Change GET to POST for webhooks data

* Deprecate ifttt_webhook in favor of webhooks

* use yml for HA config and make credentials optional

* keep trying to identify audio #1172

* Snapshot on motion and push to mqtt #709 #970

* Add event time to motion message

* refactor auth

* EVENT_API option #1125

* Add additional headers  #1125

* Audio sync with higher bitrate

* Debug api request #1125

* Update api.py

* only debug on error

* Tweak audio sync

* don't raise error on lost frame

* clear buffer if out of sync

* Unique macs only #1125

Co-Authored-By: Cameron <32912464+kiwi-cam@users.noreply.github.com>

* Require auth by default and block non-ingress access #1181

* Allow non-ingress access with auth #1181

* Remove retain flag from commands #1182

* update webrtc to work with auth streams

* Add WB_API and rename WEB to WB #1181

WEB_USERNAME > WB_USERNAME
WEB_PASSWORD > WB_PASSWORD

* HA move /config/wyze-bridge/ to /config/

* Don't notify substream event and remove v2 #1125

* WebUI Auth related config for HA

* Don't retain discovery message? #1182

* Case sensitive credentials for WebUI

* changelog and readme

---------

Co-authored-by: Cameron <32912464+kiwi-cam@users.noreply.github.com>

home_assistant/DOCS.md, after:

# Docker Wyze Bridge

## Wyze Authentication

As of April 2024, you will need to supply your own API Key and API ID along with your Wyze email and password. 

See the official help documentation on how to generate your developer keys: https://support.wyze.com/hc/en-us/articles/16129834216731.

## Stream and API Authentication

Note that all streams and the REST API will necessitate authentication when WebUI Auth `WB_AUTH` is enabled.

- REST API will require an `api` query parameter. 
  - Example:  `http://homeassistant.local:5000/api/<camera-name>/state?api=<your-wb-api-key>`
- Streams will also require authentication.
  - username: `wb`
  - password: your unique wb api key

Please double check your router/firewall and do NOT forward ports or enable DMZ access to your bridge/server unless you know what you are doing!

## Camera Specific Options

Camera specific options can now be passed to the bridge using `CAM_OPTIONS`. To do so you, will need to specify the `CAM_NAME` and the option(s) that you want to pass to the camera.

`CAM_OPTIONS`:

```YAML
- CAM_NAME: Front
  AUDIO: true
  ROTATE: true
- CAM_NAME: Back door
  QUALITY: SD50
```

Available options:

- `AUDIO` - Enable audio for this camera.
- `FFMPEG` - Use a custom ffmpeg command for this camera.
- `LIVESTREAM` - Specify a rtmp url to livestream to for this camera.
- `NET_MODE` - Change the allowed net mode for this camera only.
- `QUALITY` - Adjust the quality for this camera only.
- `SUBSTREAM` - Enable a substream for this camera.
- `SUB_QUALITY` - Adjust the quality for this substream.
- `RECORD` - Enable recording for this camera.
- `ROTATE` - Rotate this camera 90 degrees clockwise.
- `MOTION_WEBHOOKS` - Specify a url to POST to when motion is detected.

## URIs

`camera-nickname` is the name of the camera set in the Wyze app and are converted to lower case with hyphens in place of spaces.

e.g. 'Front Door' would be `/front-door`

- RTMP:

```
rtmp://homeassistant.local:1935/camera-nickname
```

- RTSP:

```
rtsp://homeassistant.local:8554/camera-nickname
```

- HLS:

```
http://homeassistant.local:8888/camera-nickname/stream.m3u8
```

- HLS can also be viewed in the browser using:

```
http://homeassistant.local:8888/camera-nickname
```

Please visit [github.com/mrlt8/docker-wyze-bridge](https://github.com/mrlt8/docker-wyze-bridge) for additional information.
